Update SteerCo wording in charter (#227)
openwebdocs/project: README.md

We are comprised of:

* A **Governing Committee** which administers the financial sponsorships made via opencollective.com, and explores strategic partnerships and needs for web documentation projects. Governing Committee members are representatives of organizations that have made substantial financial contributions to OWD, and include one representative from staff.

> * A **Steering Committee** which develops and implements shared public roadmaps for key documentation priorities, and facilitates execution of those priorities, working hand in hand with the W3C Documentation Community Group. The Steering committee is comprised of representatives from organizations involved with Open Web Docs. Steering Committee members are invited to join the W3C Documentation Community Group to work with the wider web developer community on web documentation priorities.

Author: ```suggestion
* A **Steering Committee** which develops and implements shared public roadmaps for key documentation priorities, and facilitates execution of those priorities, working hand in hand with the W3C Documentation Community Group. The Steering committee is comprised of representatives from organizations involved with Open Web Docs. Steering Committee members are strongly encouraged to join the W3C Documentation Community Group to work with the wider web developer community on web documentation priorities.
```

Author: (as discussed on the GC call today)

> * A **Steering Committee** which develops and implements shared public roadmaps for key documentation priorities, and facilitates execution of those priorities, working hand in hand with the W3C Documentation Community Group. The Steering committee is comprised of representatives from organizations involved with Open Web Docs. Steering Committee members are strongly encouraged to join the W3C Documentation Community Group to work with the wider web developer community on web documentation priorities.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* A **Steering Committee** which develops and implements shared public roadmaps for key documentation priorities, and facilitates execution of those priorities, working hand in hand with the [W3C Documentation Community Group](https://www.w3.org/community/docs-cg/). The Steering Committee is comprised of representatives from organizations involved with Open Web Docs. Steering Committee members are strongly encouraged to join the W3C Documentation Community Group to work with the wider web developer community on web documentation priorities.
```
